fix(secret_manager): missing field target to create kubernetes secret (#1373)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/external-secrets/index.mdx

    secretStoreRef:
        kind: SecretStore
        name: secret-store
    target:
        name: kubernetes-secret-to-be-created
        creationPolicy: Owner
    data:
      - secretKey: password  # key in the kubernetes secret
        remoteRef:
          key: id:<SECRET_ID in the secret store>
          version: latest_enabled
```

> A secret with the name `kubernetes-secret-to-be-created` should be present in your namespace and contains the secret pulled from the Scaleway Secret manager :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A secret with the name `kubernetes-secret-to-be-created` should be present in your namespace. It contains the secret pulled from Scaleway's Secret Manager:
```
